How to contact us
w: www.vanguardinvestor.co.uk
e: personalinvestors@vanguard.co.uk
✉ Vanguard
PO Box 24095
1 Tanfield
EDINBURGH
EH3 1FS
You can also contact us via
the secure messaging facility
available within your online
account.
13 February 2025
Direct Debit Confirmation - Copy for your records
You have successfully set up a direct debit instruction for the purpose of collecting your
Account fee with the details below:
Issued by Vanguard Asset Management, Limited (Reg No. 07243412). Vanguard Asset Management, Limited is authorised and regulated in the
UK by the Financial Conduct Authority. The company is registered in England and Wales, registered office: 4th Floor, The Walbrook Building, 25
Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF.
Bank/Building Society account number
00000000
Branch sort code
000000
Name(s) of account holder(s)
Test User
Name and full postal address of your
Bank or Building Society
To: The Manager
Bank/Building Society
FIRST DIRECT
Originator's identification number
0000000
Account number
VG0000000
Instructions to your Bank or Building
Society
Vanguard will be paid directly from the
account details in this instruction subject to
the safeguards assured by the Direct Debit
Guarantee.
This instruction may remain with Vanguard
and if so, details will be passed electronically
to my bank or building society.
13 February 2025

Test User
Account number: VG0000000
Page 2 of 2
The Direct Debit Guarantee
This Guarantee is offered by all banks and building societies that accept instructions to
pay Direct Debits.
● If there are any changes to the amount, date or frequency of your Direct Debit,
Vanguard will notify you eight working days in advance of your account being
debited or as otherwise agreed. If you request Vanguard to collect a payment,
confirmation of the amount and date will be given to you at the time of request.
● If an error is made in the payment of your Direct Debit, by Vanguard or your
bank or building society, you are entitled to a full and immediate refund of the
amount paid from your bank or building society.
- If you receive a refund you are not entitled to, you must pay it back when
Vanguard asks you to.
● You can cancel a Direct Debit at any time by simply contacting your bank or
building society.
● Written confirmation may be required. Please also notify us.