How to contact us
w: www.vanguardinvestor.co.uk
e: personalinvestors@vanguard.co.uk
✉ Vanguard
PO Box 24095
1 Tanfield
EDINBURGH
EH3 1FS
You can also contact us via
the secure messaging facility
available within your online
account.
Mr T User
1 Example Street
Anytown
Exampleshire
Exampletown
EX1 1AA
Issued by Vanguard Asset Management, Limited (Reg No. 07243412). Vanguard Asset Management, Limited is authorised and regulated
in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority. The company is registered in England and Wales, registered office: 4th Floor, The Walbrook
Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF
Your cash holding statement
13 August 2025
Client name: Test User
Account number: VG0000000
We’ve sent you this statement because more than 50% of your Vanguard Personal
Pension, Stocks and Shares ISA, Junior ISA or General Account is held in cash or
cash-like investments, such as our Money Market fund.
It will show you three things:
- The risks of holding cash and cash-like investments over the long term.
- Your current investments.
- What you should consider doing next.
How inflation can reduce the value of your savings
If the returns on your investments are lower than inflation your savings won’t keep up
with the rising cost of living.
This means that if you hold your savings in cash, or cash-like investments they could
be ‘worth’ less in the future than they are today.
For example:
If you left £10,000.00 invested at a 0% interest rate and inflation was 2% per year,
your money would only be worth £9,039.20 in real terms in 5 years’ time.

Issued by Vanguard Asset Management, Limited (Reg No. 07243412). Vanguard Asset Management, Limited is authorised and regulated
in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority. The company is registered in England and Wales, registered office: 4th Floor, The Walbrook
Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF
Your ISA investments at 13 August 2025
Description Quantity Price Value
Cash - - £17.09
What you should consider doing next
If you’re planning to invest for the longer term, you should consider whether the
investments you’ve chosen have enough growth potential to meet your goals.
The funds you choose to invest in can have a major impact on the future value of your
savings, as different funds have a different balance of risk and reward. While some
funds offer higher potential returns over the long run, they are typically riskier. You
should keep in mind that the value of investments can fall as well as rise.
We provide information on our products and services but we do not provide
advice or give a personal recommendation. Consequently, we recommend that
you seek relevant guidance or professional advice to ensure that you make an
informed decision regarding your investments. The following website provides useful
information and may assist you in shopping around or finding a financial adviser
www.moneyhelper.org.uk.
Yours sincerely,
The Vanguard Team