How to contact us
w: www.vanguardinvestor.co.uk
e: personalinvestors@vanguard.co.uk
✉ Vanguard
PO Box 24095
1 Tanfield
EDINBURGH
EH3 1FS
You can also contact us via
the secure messaging facility
available within your online
account.
13 February 2025
ISA Declaration - Vanguard Stocks/Shares
Mr T User
1 Example Street
Anytown
Exampleshire
Exampletown
EX1 1AA
Issued by Vanguard Asset Management, Limited (Reg No. 07243412). Vanguard Asset Management, Limited is authorised and regulated
in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority. The company is registered in England and Wales, registered office: 4th Floor, The Walbrook
Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF.
Client name: Test User
Account number: VG0000000
Dear Mr User
Thank you for your recent instructions. Please refer to the details overleaf and ensure
that these are correct.
This document records the terms of the ISA declaration made by you. If any of the
details are incorrect you must contact us within 30 calendar days of receiving it,
otherwise your Vanguard Stocks/Shares Account may be void.
If the details shown overleaf are correct, you do not need to do anything.
Yours sincerely,
The Vanguard Team

Test User
Account number: VG0000000
Page 2 of 3
Your details
Your full name: Mr Test User
Permanent residential address: 1 Example Street
Anytown
Exampleshire
Exampletown
EX1 1AA
National Insurance number: AB123456C
Date of birth: 01 January 1970
Declaration and Authority- both these sections apply to the opening of a new
stocks and shares ISA, all cash ISA transfers and the transfer of a stocks and shares
ISA where you intend to add more money in the current tax year.
Authority- only applies to stocks and shares ISA transfers that are either from
previous tax years or from the current tax year where you do not intend to add any
more money in the current tax year.
Declaration
I apply to subscribe to a stocks and shares ISA for this tax year and each successive
tax year in which a subscription is made. Subscriptions can be made via the Self
Managed service, or the Vanguard Managed ISA service, as per the relevant
Vanguard Client Terms applicable at the time of my subscription.
I declare that:
● All subscriptions made, and to be made, belong to me, and that I am 18 years
of age or over.
● I have not subscribed, and will not subscribe, more than the overall ISA
subscription limit in total to any cash ISA, stocks and shares ISA, innovative
finance ISA, or Lifetime ISA that I hold in the same tax year.
● I am resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes or, if not so resident,
either perform duties which, by virtue of Section 28 of the Income Tax
(Earnings & Pensions) Act 2003 (Crown employees serving overseas), are
treated as being performed in the United Kingdom, or I am married to, or
in a civil partnership with a person who performs such duties. I will inform
Vanguard if I cease to be so resident or to perform such duties or be married
to, or in a civil partnership with, a person who performs such duties.
Authority
I authorise Vanguard to:
● hold my cash subscription, ISA investments, interest, dividends and any other
rights or proceeds in respect of those investments and any other cash;

Test User
Account number: VG0000000
Page 3 of 3
● make on my behalf any claims to relief from tax in respect of ISA investments
The declaration and the information I will give in my application is correct to the best
of my knowledge and belief and shall be the basis of the contract between me and
Vanguard.
I will notify Vanguard immediately of changes to any of these details.
I agree to the Vanguard ISA terms and conditions.